this apprentice shall be known as
firepower honor of its flame-coloured
adulation spire pop ice congratulations
firepower hmm longtail do you need any
help
leave me alone let me help you
hey wait up
welcome young sire
thank you running wouldn't thank you
running one here this will stop the
bleeding out sorry
you put up quite a fight fire-pot long
tail is a warrior except he did finish
his training only two moons ago and that
mark to left on his ear well surely he
won't forget you in a hurry and you
spoiled his good looks
that's for sure he did put up quite a
fight though I know longtail is a young
warrior lucky your colour snapped when
it did I still can't imagine him getting
beaten by a shitty pet that starts and
he's definitely not good and her our
medicine cat I'm not bad looking either
pretty of the most cats it's completely
selfless and Weiss and as he said not
exactly ugly either okay out ugly at all
and beautiful
smaller smells trouble every time what
is it why have you come alone
where's Tiger Claw breathable this Tiger
Claw redeposit apprentice just like us
Tiger claws this mentor Tiger Claw Raven
paw and rental all went to a special
mission with River clan right tail holy
s--t name's Brandon pock what happened
speak oh right tail I chose dead